# VMPS-A-Vector-Map-Protection-Framework-Supporting-Dynamic-Game-and-Local-Desensitization
Secure sharing of geospatial information has attracted widespread attention in recent years. As a typical geospatial data, vector maps can be used in many areas of national economic and social development. However, there are many security threats to data sharing of vector digital map, including the vector map tampering, forgery, infringement, data leakages, and so on. Due to the complex spatial relation nature, the traditional data protection approaches are either infeasible or ineffective in such scenarios, e.g., data exchange, sharing, and publishing. To address these security problems for real situations, in this paper, we propose a novel vector map protection framework, which exploits the ideas of dynamic game and local desensitization. An important information protection model, an optimal data desensitization model, and a game-based local desensitization model are presented in this framework. Dynamic game strategies are used to effectively measure the utility of players under different decisions. Based on these three models and the idea of dynamic game, important or sensitive map elements in vector maps can be desensitized locally in a controllable and reversible way, thus enabling more flexible and efficient security protection. A comprehensive evaluation, including desensitization strategies, performance and time consumption, accuracy control and reversibility, is given to show the security and feasibility of the proposed framework.
